feat: Improve self-monitor troubleshooting guides (#1142)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/02-logs.md

## Troubleshooting

### No Logs Arrive at the Backend

> Cause: Incorrect backend endpoint configuration (e.g., using the wrong authentication credentials) or the backend being unreachable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cause: Incorrect backend endpoint configuration (for example, using the wrong authentication credentials) or the backend being unreachable.
```

Remedy: 
- Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`.
- Check if the backend is up and reachable.

### Not All Logs Arrive at the Backend

> Cause: The backend is reachable and the connection is properly configured, but some logs are refused.

Reviewer: That's still a symptom, not a cause.
What's the actual cause, is the buffer filling up?
Not sure if this and the following section should really be split in two, considering the remedy is related?

Is there a common remedy procedure, like ...:

>1. Check the error logs.
>2. If backend is refusing logs and limiting the rate, you have the following options:
>   - Increase ingestion rate (...) in the backend (...)
>   - Decrease ingestion rate (...)
>   - Reduce emitted logs (...)

But what if you check the logs and "If backend is refusing logs limiting the rate" does not apply? Wha's the remedy then?

Reviewer: Not sure I'm happy about the options "increase ingestion rate" and "decrease ingestion rate" next to each other; can we phrase them more clearly? I'm not yet sure how. I know you explained and I understand what we're trying to say, but I'm not sure the text is clear enough at this point.

Remedy:

> - Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`. If backend is refusing logs limiting the rate, try the options desribed in [Agent Buffer Filling Up](#agent-buffer-filling-up)

Reviewer: > If backend is refusing logs limiting the rate

Not sure what this means. Should we add "and"?

Author: Agree, adding "and" makes it sound better

### Agent Buffer Filling Up

> Cause: The backend export rate is too low compared to the log colection rate.

Reviewer: Isn't this the cause we needed in line 489?

Remedy:

> - Option 1: Increase ingestion rate capabilities in your backend. For example, by scaling out the SAP Cloud Logging instances.

Reviewer: - increase backend ingestion rate

> - Option 2: Decrease the log ingestion rate (e.g., by applying namespace or container filters in your LogPipeline).

Reviewer: - decrease gateway ingestion rate

### No Logs Arrive at the Backend

> Symptom: Incorrect backend endpoint configuration (for example, using the wrong authentication credentials) or the backend being unreachable.

Reviewer 2: I agree, I have changed it from `Symptom` to a `Cause` and avoided having a `Symptom` which just repeats the title

Remedy: 
- Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`.
- Check if the backend is up and reachable.

### Not All Logs Arrive at the Backend

Symptom: The backend is reachable and the connection is properly configured, but some logs are refused.

> Cause: It can happen due to a variety of reasons. For example, a possible reason may be that the backend is limiting the ingestion rate.

Reviewer 2: @NHingerl Do we need to add the suggestion for checking the logs here? I can see that we already have it in the `Remedy` section?

> Cause: It can happen due to a variety of reasons. For example, a possible reason may be that the backend is limiting the ingestion rate.

Reviewer: It explains why we can't be more specific but the user can find out. However, I won't insist on keeping this part :)

> Cause: It can happen due to a variety of reasons. For example, a possible reason may be that the backend is limiting the ingestion rate.

Reviewer 2: okay, then let's just keep it as it is 😄

Remedy:

> - Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`. If backend is limiting the rate by refusing logs, try the options desribed in [Agent Buffer Filling Up](#agent-buffer-filling-up)

Reviewer 2: It is hard to formulate it in a generic way, as we don't know what is available for the user from the backend side. The user could have access to dashboards or alerts or logs

> - Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`. If backend is limiting the rate by refusing logs, try the options desribed in [Agent Buffer Filling Up](#agent-buffer-filling-up)

Reviewer: How about 

> 1. Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`. Also, check your observability backend to investigate potential causes.

> - Check the `telemetry-fluent-bit` Pods for error logs by calling `kubectl logs -n kyma-system {POD_NAME}`. If backend is limiting the rate by refusing logs, try the options desribed in [Agent Buffer Filling Up](#agent-buffer-filling-up)

Reviewer 2: I think that should be fine 👍🏻
I added it
